Hello Bio Grads, 

There are a number of great events described in the GPSS announcements below. I want to be sure to point your attention to the Sense About Science public engagement workshop (with FREE FOOD) hosted in part by our GPSS Science and Policy committee.  The Sense About Science USA group specializes in workshops that are designed for young scientists to discuss their concerns with speaking with media and the public, so it should be especially great! Their mission of "curating a national conversation on the value of scientific progress and the importance of evidence and transparency" seems to have gained an extra layer of importance given recent events, and will only be increasingly important in the coming years. [Wed Nov 30, 9:45AM-3PM, Peterson Room of Allen Library]

Also travel grant applications are open for winter conferences. In past years this funding has run out at the end of the year, so this is a good time of year to apply! 

Best, 
-Molly and Yue




Announcements
YELLOW is Academic, PURPLE is a GPSS related event, BLUE is a general event.

 

 

Travel Grant Winter Application

Apply now for a travel grant for a winter conference. Early conference applications are due in early January!

For more info: http://depts.washington.edu/gpss/funding/

 

*First round of applications due Wednesday, January 4th 2016*

 

 

SAFS's 27th Annual Graduate Student Symposium 

Come and hear research talks by the graduate students of the School of Aquatic and Fishery Sciences. They span everything from fisheries, climate change, ecology, conservation, genetics, resource management, statistics, modelling, and much more.

See the website for more info:

https://safsfins.wordpress.com/graduate-student-symposium/

 

*Thursday, November 17th 2016, from 9am to 5pm in Anderson Hall 205*

 

 

Public Engagement Workshop for Scientists

The push and pull between science and society means that scientist need to be good communicators, be they engaging with the media, public, policy makers, or funders. The aim of the Sense About Science USA’s workshop is to discuss the importance of public engagement by scientists, address concerns and questions that arise in this endeavor, review core principles and ethics of science communication, provide a better understanding of journalistic processes, and conclude by putting forth ideas on how scientists can be more actively involved in public outreach.

 

*Wednesday, November 30th 2016, from 9:45am to 3pm in the Petersen Room of Allen Library North*

 



Local Trans Shorts & 'Speed Friending'

One can always meet cuties through dating apps, but sometimes friendships and community connections are hard to find. Join Seattle Public Library and Blanket Fort Films for a chance to engage with local queer and trans community through short films and a speed friending activity. After the screening, everyone will have a chance to get to know each other in 5 minutes’ intervals before a social hour with refreshments.

Who: Everyone welcome. Free!

 

Blanket Fort Films:  https://blanketfortfilms.org/non-profit

 

*Sunday, November 20th 2016, from 2pm to 4 pm at Seattle Public Library - University Branch 5009 Roosevelt Way NE.   206-684-4063.* 

 

 

GO-MAP Power Hour: Owning Your Story. Changing Your Story.

Luis Ortega, community organizer and social entrepreneur discusses how to use your personal narrative as a tool for future success!

 

*Thursday, November 17th 2016, from 12pm to 1:30pm in the Communications Building (CMU) 126*

 